docs(terraform): Add documentation about evaluation scopes for `terraform console` (#2963)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.16.x (beta)/docs/cli/commands/console.mdx

`terraform console` accepts the legacy command line option
[`-state`](/terraform/language/backend/local#command-line-arguments).

## Evaluation Scope

By default, `terraform console` evaluates expressions using the [root module](/terraform/language/modules#hierarchy) as the scope.

> Expressions can also be evaluated using a child module as the scope by providing the `-scope` flag with the module address, for example:

Reviewer: This feels like it requires the reader to have some prior knowledge of scopes and how they relate to modules, but I don't necessarily have a clear idea of how to address that 😅 

Maybe something like this could help?:

```suggestion
By default, `terraform console` evaluates expressions using the [root module](/terraform/language/modules#hierarchy) as the scope, so only expressions defined in the root module can be evaluated. If you try to evaluate expressions from child modules using this scope you'll experience errors.
Expressions from child modules can be evaluated, but the child module must be used as the scope by providing the `-scope` flag with the module address, for example:
```

Author: Hmm, I see what you mean but scope is the right word for this 🤔 , let me take another shot at rewording this.

Author: How about something like -> cf1046d356a67002eb14594d4d05e2912bb4994b ? 👀

Reviewer: Yeah I agree that scope is the correct word and that most would be fine with the original version. Mainly I'm thinking about people new to Terraform who don't know where those boundaries are. Perhaps I'm being over cautious here!

The example you've shared looks good to me, thanks for making the edit!
